Native wallets (#27)
credential-handler/chapi.io: developers/wallets/index.md

Storage of credentials prompts the individual using the browser to confirm that they want to store the credential in their digital wallet.

> ## VC Retrieval

Reviewer: Maybe this instead?

```suggestion
## VC Presentation
```

Wallets are able to present Verifiable Credentials to third-party websites using CHAPI. 

### Get Credentials Events
CHAPI supports the presentation of credentials via the `navigator.credentials.get()` API. CHAPI is agnostic to the presentation request query language and passes the query directly through to the credential handler. If you've configured an event listener, you can follow the example below to call the relevant code in your wallet whenever it receives a CHAPI `get()` request from a third-party website.

```javascript
  async function handleGetEvent() {
    const event = await WebCredentialHandler.receiveCredentialEvent();

    console.log('Wallet processing get() event:', event);

>     //Your wallet's code for responding to a request for a Verifiable Credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    //Your wallet's code for responding to a request for a Verifiable Credentials
```

  }

```
<p class="code-annotation">
  <a href="https://github.com/credential-handler/chapi-demo-wallet/blob/master/wallet-ui-get.html"
  target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> chapi-demo-wallet/wallet-ui-get.html </a>
</p>

> When presenting credentials, the user is shown what they will be sharing and must provide explicit consent before the credentials are shared with the requesting party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When credentials are requested, wallets should show the user what will be shared and require the user's explicit consent before the credentials are presented to the requesting party.
```
